Unify parameter notation for all scalers (#543)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/1.4/scalers/azure-monitor.md

**Parameter list:**

> - `resourceURI` - Is the shortened URI to the Azure resource. The format is `"<resourceProviderNamespace>/<resourceType>/<resourceName>"`.
> - `tenantId` - Is the tenant id for the Azure resource. Used for authentication.
> - `subscriptionId` - Is the subscription id for the Azure resource. Used for determining the full resource URI.
> - `resourceGroupName` - Is the resource group for the Azure resource.
> - `metricName` - Is the name of the metric. Must be an officially supported metric  found in the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported).
> - `metricFilter` - Is used to define a more specific part of the resource. You can filter by supported dimensions of the metric found in the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported). (Optional)
> - `metricAggregationInterval` - Is the collection time of the metric. Reported in the format `"mm:hh:ss"`. (Default: `"0:5:0"`, Optional)
> - `metricAggregationType` - Is the aggregation method of the Azure monitor metric. Some possible values include `Average`, `Total`, `Maximum` with a full list in the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported). No default.
> - `targetValue` - Is the target value for the Azure metric to use in the HPA.
> - `activeDirectoryClientId` - Is the name of the environment variable that contains the active directory client id. Should have the RBAC role of `Monitoring Reader`.
> - `activeDirectoryClientPassword` - Is the name of the environment variable that contains the active directory client password. Should have the RBAC role of `Monitoring Reader`.

Reviewer: Let's improve it a bit more
```suggestion
- `resourceURI` - Shortened URI to the Azure resource. The format is `"<resourceProviderNamespace>/<resourceType>/<resourceName>"`.
- `tenantId` - Tenant id for the Azure resource. Used for authentication.
- `subscriptionId` - Subscription id for the Azure resource. Used for determining the full resource URI.
- `resourceGroupName` - Resource group for the Azure resource.
- `metricName` - Name of the Azure Monitor metric. Must be an officially supported metric found in the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported).
- `metricFilter` - Filter to define a more specific part of the resource. You can filter by supported dimensions of the metric found in the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported). (Optional)
- `metricAggregationInterval` - Aggregation interval of the metric. Reported in the format `"mm:hh:ss"`. (Default: `"0:5:0"`, Optional)
- `metricAggregationType` - Aggregation method of the Azure monitor metric. Some possible values include `Average`, `Total`, `Maximum` with a full list in the [official documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-supported). No default.
- `targetValue` - Target value for the Azure metric to use in the HPA.
- `activeDirectoryClientId` - Name of the environment variable that contains the active directory client id. Should have the RBAC role of `Monitoring Reader`.
- `activeDirectoryClientPassword` - Name of the environment variable that contains the active directory client password. Should have the RBAC role of `Monitoring Reader`.
```
